Daily/July/21-July-2025/Readme.md, before:

# 21-July-2025

## First Half

- JAVA- Section 13- Java Coding Exercises - Set 3.
- JAVA- Section 14- Loops in Java Programming. 

### Videos

- JAVA Section 13 ✅
    - (170) Coding Exercise: Is Valid Triangle
        - Program to check whether triangle is valid or not.
    - (171) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Valid Triangle
        - No assignment
    - (172) Coding Exercise: Is Right Angled Triangle
        - Program to check whether triangle is right angled or not.
    - (173) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Right Angled Triangle
        - No assignment
    - (174) Coding Exercise: Is Leap Year
        - implementation of the method to determine if a given year is a leap year
    - (175) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Leap Year
        - No assignment
    - (176) Coding Exercise: Is Perfect Number
        - Program that checks whether a number is a "perfect number".
    - (177) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Perfect Number
        - No assignment
    - (178) Coding Exercise: Student Grades A to F based on Marks
        - Program which calculates and assigns the student's grade based on the provided marks
    - (179) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Student Grades A to F based on Marks
        - No assignment
    - (180) Coding Exercise: Weather Advisor
        - Program that provides advice on what to wear based on the current temperature
    - (181) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Weather Advisor
        - No assignment
    - (182) Coding Exercise: Switch with Char - Is a Vowel or Not
        - Program to determine if a given character is a vowel
    - (183) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Switch with Char - Is a Vowel or Not
        - No assignment
    - (184) How to handle failures
        - No assignment

- JAVA Section 14 ✅

### Assignment

- Revise Java Commands.
- Practice Loops.

### Doubts

### Links

- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners/learn/lecture/9565472#overview

## Second Half
 
- JAVA

### Videos


### Assignment

- Revising all Java Commands.

### Doubts

No Doubts

### Links

Commit message:

Section 14- Loops in Java Programming     - Learned about Loops in Java Programming.     - Types of Loops:         - While Loop         - Do-While Loop         - For Loop     - Learned about the use of `break` and `continue` statements in loops.     - Performed exercises to practice loops and control flow in Java.

Daily/July/21-July-2025/Readme.md, after:

# 21-July-2025

## First Half

- JAVA- Section 13- Java Coding Exercises - Set 3.
- JAVA- Section 14- Loops in Java Programming. 

### Videos

- JAVA Section 13 ✅
    - (170) Coding Exercise: Is Valid Triangle
        - Program to check whether triangle is valid or not.
    - (171) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Valid Triangle
        - No assignment
    - (172) Coding Exercise: Is Right Angled Triangle
        - Program to check whether triangle is right angled or not.
    - (173) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Right Angled Triangle
        - No assignment
    - (174) Coding Exercise: Is Leap Year
        - implementation of the method to determine if a given year is a leap year
    - (175) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Leap Year
        - No assignment
    - (176) Coding Exercise: Is Perfect Number
        - Program that checks whether a number is a "perfect number".
    - (177) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Is Perfect Number
        - No assignment
    - (178) Coding Exercise: Student Grades A to F based on Marks
        - Program which calculates and assigns the student's grade based on the provided marks
    - (179) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Student Grades A to F based on Marks
        - No assignment
    - (180) Coding Exercise: Weather Advisor
        - Program that provides advice on what to wear based on the current temperature
    - (181) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Weather Advisor
        - No assignment
    - (182) Coding Exercise: Switch with Char - Is a Vowel or Not
        - Program to determine if a given character is a vowel
    - (183) Solution Video For Coding Exercise - Switch with Char - Is a Vowel or Not
        - No assignment
    - (184) How to handle failures
        - No assignment

- JAVA Section 14 ✅
    - (185) Step 00 - Java Loops - Section Introduction
        - No assignment
    - (186) Step 01 - Java For Loop - Syntax and Puzzles
        - For loop working
    - (187) Step 02 - Java For Loop - Exercises Overview and First Exercise Prime Numbers
        - For Loop to check if number is prime
    - (188) Step 03 - Java For Loop - Exercise - Sum Upto N Numbers and Sum of Divisors
        - Program using FOR loop to calculate sumUptoN and sumOfDivisors
    - (189) Step 04 - Java For Loop - Exercise - Print a Number Triangle
        - Program to print number triangle
    - (190) Eclipse Tip - Templates - sysout, main, for, ifelse
        - No assignment
    - (191) Step 05 - While Loop in Java - An Introduction
        - Learned about While loop 
    - (192) Step 06 - While Loop - Exericises - Cubes and Squares upto limit
        - Program to print squares and cubes of numbers upto given limit
    - (193) Step 07 - Do While Loop in Java - An Introduction
        - Learned about do while loop 
    - (194) Step 08 - Do While Loop in Java - An Example - Cube while user enters positive n
        - Program to get cube of a number when it is positive
    - (195) Step 09 - Introduction to Break and Continue
        - Learned about Break and Continue 
        - Learned about how to use it and why to use it
    - (196) Step 10 - Selecting Loop in Java - For vs While vs Do While
        - No assignment
    - (197) Technology Change is an Opportunity
        - No assignment

### Assignment

- Revise Java Commands.
- Practice Loops.

### Doubts

### Links

- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners/

## Second Half
 
- JAVA

### Videos


### Assignment

- Revising all Java Commands.

### Doubts

No Doubts

### Links
