Daily/October/31-October-2025/Readme.md, before:

# 30-October-2025

## First Half
- Java - Section 27- Introduction to Threads and concurrency in Java

### Videos
- Java - Section 27
    - (380)	Step 01 - Introduction to Threads and MultiThreading - Need for Threads
        - Learned about threading and why it is used
    - (381)	Step 02 - Creating a Thread for Task1 - Extending Thread Class
        - Used thread to run 2 loops in parallel
    - (382) Step 03 - Creating a Thread for Task2 - Implement Runnable Interface
        - Learned we need to create instance of thread class if our class is implementing Runnable interface
    - (383) Step 04 - Theory - States of a Thread
        - No assignment
        - Learned about 5 different states of threads
    - (384) Step 05 - Placing Priority Requests for Threads
        - Learned about setting priority and also learned that setting it is just a request and not an order
    - (385) Step 06 - Communication between Threads - join method
        - Learned about join method and its uses
    - (386) Step 07 - Thread utility methods and synchronized keyword - sleep, yield
        - 

### Assignment


### Doubts


### Links
- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners

## Second Half


### Videos


### Assignment


### Doubts


### Links

Commit message:

Section 27- Introduction to Threads and concurrency in Java 	- Learned about methods in threads 	- Learned about Callable interface 	- Learned about methods in Executor Service

Daily/October/31-October-2025/Readme.md, after:

# 30-October-2025

## First Half
- Java - Section 27- Introduction to Threads and concurrency in Java

### Videos
- Java - Section 27
    - (380)	Step 01 - Introduction to Threads and MultiThreading - Need for Threads
        - Learned about threading and why it is used
    - (381)	Step 02 - Creating a Thread for Task1 - Extending Thread Class
        - Used thread to run 2 loops in parallel
    - (382) Step 03 - Creating a Thread for Task2 - Implement Runnable Interface
        - Learned we need to create instance of thread class if our class is implementing Runnable interface
    - (383) Step 04 - Theory - States of a Thread
        - No assignment
        - Learned about 5 different states of threads
    - (384) Step 05 - Placing Priority Requests for Threads
        - Learned about setting priority and also learned that setting it is just a request and not an order
    - (385) Step 06 - Communication between Threads - join method
        - Learned about join method and its uses
    - (386) Step 07 - Thread utility methods and synchronized keyword - sleep, yield
        - No assignment
        - Learned about synchronized , sleep and yield keyword and its uses
    - (387) Step 08 - Need for Controlling the Execution of Threads
        - Learned a bit about controlling the execution of threads
    - (388) Step 09 - Introduction to Executor Service
        - Learned about executor service 

### Assignment


### Doubts


### Links
- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners

## Second Half


### Videos


### Assignment


### Doubts


### Links
