Daily/July/18-July-2025/Readme.md, before:

# 18-July-2025

## First Half

- JAVA- Section 12- Conditionals in Java Programming. 

### Videos

- JAVA Section 12 ✅
    - (155) Step 00 - Conditionals with Java - Section Overview 
        - No assignment
    - (156) Step 01 - Introduction to If Else Statement
        - IF and IF-ELSE condition
    - (157) Step 02 - Introduction to Nested If Else
        - Learned about nested if and if else
    - (158) Step 03 - If Else Statement - Puzzles
        - IF-ELSE statement in detail
    - (159) Step 04 - If Else Problem - How to get User Input in Java?
        - Learned how to take input from user
    - (160) Step 05 - If Else Problem - How to get number 2 and choice from user?
        - More of taking input from user
    - (161) Step 06 - If Else Problem - Implementing with Nested If Else
        - Performing operations using IF-Else statement
    - (162) Programming Tip - CodingBat dot Com
        - No assignment
    - (163) Step 07 - Java Switch Statement - An introduction
        - Switch case and how to use it

### Assignment

- Revise Java Commands.

### Doubts

### Links

- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners/

## Second Half

- DSA  

### Videos

- COURSE DSA - Functions ✅

### Assignment

- Learn Git.
- Do tasks assigned.

### Doubts

No Doubts

### Links

Commit message:

Section 12- Conditionals in Java Programming.     - Learned about If Statements in Java.     - Learned about If-Else Statements in Java.     - Learned about Nested If Statements in Java.     - Learned how to take user input using Scanner class.     - Learned about Switch Statements in Java.     - Learned how to use switch with int, char and String data types.     - Performed exercises related to the topics covered.

Daily/July/18-July-2025/Readme.md, after:

# 18-July-2025

## First Half

- JAVA- Section 12- Conditionals in Java Programming. 

### Videos

- JAVA Section 12 ✅
    - (155) Step 00 - Conditionals with Java - Section Overview 
        - No assignment
    - (156) Step 01 - Introduction to If Else Statement
        - IF and IF-ELSE condition
    - (157) Step 02 - Introduction to Nested If Else
        - Learned about nested if and if else
    - (158) Step 03 - If Else Statement - Puzzles
        - IF-ELSE statement in detail
    - (159) Step 04 - If Else Problem - How to get User Input in Java?
        - Learned how to take input from user
    - (160) Step 05 - If Else Problem - How to get number 2 and choice from user?
        - More of taking input from user
    - (161) Step 06 - If Else Problem - Implementing with Nested If Else
        - Performing operations using IF-Else statement
    - (162) Programming Tip - CodingBat dot Com
        - No assignment
    - (163) Step 07 - Java Switch Statement - An introduction
        - Switch case and how to use it
    - (164) Step 08 - Java Switch Statement - Puzzles - Default, Break and Fall Through
        - Opeartions on Switch statement using different conditions
        - Switch can be used only by byte, short, int, char, string, enum
    - (165) Step 09 - Java Switch Statement - Exercises - isWeekDay, nameOfMonth, nameOfDay
        - Used switch statement to determine NameOfDay, NameOfMonth and if it is a Weekday or not
    - (166) Step 10 - Java Ternary Operation - An Introduction
        - Ternary (?) operator and how to use it
    - (167) Step 11 - Conditionals with Java - Conclusion
        - No assignment
    - (168) Section Quiz
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/18-July-2025/(168)quiz.md
    - (169) Why should you teach others
        - No assignment

### Assignment

- Revise Java Commands.

### Doubts

### Links

- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners/

## Second Half

- DSA  

### Videos

- COURSE DSA - Functions ✅

### Assignment

- Learn Git.
- Do tasks assigned.

### Doubts

No Doubts

### Links
