Daily/July/11-July-2025/Readme.md, before:

# 11-July-2025

## First Half

- JAVA- Section 3- Introduction to Java Programming using JShell

### Videos

- JAVA Section 3 ✅
    - (28) Section Quiz 2
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/11-July-2025/(28)quiz.md
    - (29) Step 13 - Introduction to Variables in Java
        - Declared and initialized variables 
        - Printed output using % formatter
    - (30) Step 14 - Introduction to Variables in Java - Exercises and Puzzles
        - Learned about lossy conversions
            - In lossy conversion there is a loss in data from bigger data types to smaller data types
                ```
                 int i =98765432;
                jshell> short sh = i;
                |  Error:
                |  incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from int to short
                |  short sh = i;

                - For explicit conversion
                jshell> short sh = (short)i;
                sh ==> 2680
                ```
        - Printed output using % formatter
    - (31) Step 15 - 4 Important Things to Know about Variables in Java
        - No Assignment
    - (32) Step 16 - How are variables stored in memory?
        - No assignment 
    - (33) Step 17 - How to name a variable?
        - No assignment
        - Learned about variable declaration syntax
            ```
            int 2things
            |  Error:
            |  '.class' expected
            |  int 2things
            |      ^
            |  Error:
            |  not a statement
            |  int 2things
            |       ^----^
            |  Error:
            |  unexpected type
            |    required: value
            |    found:    class
            |  int 2things
            |  ^--^

            jshell> int things2
            things2 ==> 0
            ```
    - (34) Section Quiz 3
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/11-July-2025/(34)quiz.md
    - (35) Step 18 - Understanding Primitive Variable Types in Java
        - Learned about declaration of primitive data types and its values when not initialized
    - (36) Step 19 - Understanding Primitive Variable Types in Java - Choosing a Type
        - Learned about declaration of primitive data types and its values when not initialized
        - Learned about (++)increament operator
    - (37) 	Java Tip - String Concatenation
        - Basic operations on integer and string
    - (38) Step 20 - Java Assignment Operator
        - Basic operations on integer
    - (39) Step 21 - Java Assignment Operator - Puzzles on Increment, Decrement and Compoun
        - Basic operations on integer
    - (40) Step 22 - Programming Tips : JShell - Shortcuts, Multiple Lines and Variables
        - Used println and printf to print outputs
        - Declared and initialized 2 integer variables at once
    - (41) Section Quiz 4
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/11-July-2025/(41)quiz.md
    - (42) Step 23 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Introduction
        - Learned about conditional operators
        - Used IF condition
    - (43) Step 24 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Exercise Statements
        - No Assignment
    - (44) Step 25 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Exercise Solutions
        - Performed various operations using IF condition
    - (45) Step 26 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Puzzles
        - Used if statement to check condition and then print output if condition is met
    - (46) 

### Assignment

### Doubts

### Links

- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners/learn/lecture/9565340#overview

## Second Half

- DSA  

### Videos

- COURSE DSA -Chapter 2 ✅

### Assignment

- Learn Git.

### Doubts

No Doubts

### Links

Commit message:

Section 4- Introduction to Java Method with Multiplication Table     - Learned about methods in Java and how to define and call them.     - Created a multiplication table using a method.     - Learned about method parameters and return types. Section 5- Introduction to Java Platform     - Created Java classes and objects.     - Learned about the Java Virtual Machine (JVM).     - Explored the Java Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE).

Daily/July/11-July-2025/Readme.md, after:

# 11-July-2025

## First Half

- JAVA- Section 3- Introduction to Java Programming using JShell

### Videos

- JAVA Section 3 ✅
    - (28) Section Quiz 2
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/11-July-2025/(28)quiz.md
    - (29) Step 13 - Introduction to Variables in Java
        - Declared and initialized variables 
        - Printed output using % formatter
    - (30) Step 14 - Introduction to Variables in Java - Exercises and Puzzles
        - Learned about lossy conversions
            - In lossy conversion there is a loss in data from bigger data types to smaller data types
                ```
                 int i =98765432;
                jshell> short sh = i;
                |  Error:
                |  incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from int to short
                |  short sh = i;

                - For explicit conversion
                jshell> short sh = (short)i;
                sh ==> 2680
                ```
        - Printed output using % formatter
    - (31) Step 15 - 4 Important Things to Know about Variables in Java
        - No Assignment
    - (32) Step 16 - How are variables stored in memory?
        - No assignment 
        - Added summary from google
    - (33) Step 17 - How to name a variable?
        - No assignment
        - Learned about variable declaration syntax
            ```
            int 2things
            |  Error:
            |  '.class' expected
            |  int 2things
            |      ^
            |  Error:
            |  not a statement
            |  int 2things
            |       ^----^
            |  Error:
            |  unexpected type
            |    required: value
            |    found:    class
            |  int 2things
            |  ^--^

            jshell> int things2
            things2 ==> 0
            ```
            
    - (34) Section Quiz 3
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/11-July-2025/(34)quiz.md
    - (35) Step 18 - Understanding Primitive Variable Types in Java
        - Learned about declaration of primitive data types and its values when not initialized
    - (36) Step 19 - Understanding Primitive Variable Types in Java - Choosing a Type
        - Learned about declaration of primitive data types and its values when not initialized
        - Learned about (++)increament operator
    - (37) 	Java Tip - String Concatenation
        - Basic operations on integer and string
    - (38) Step 20 - Java Assignment Operator
        - Basic operations on integer
    - (39) Step 21 - Java Assignment Operator - Puzzles on Increment, Decrement and Compoun
        - Basic operations on integer
    - (40) Step 22 - Programming Tips : JShell - Shortcuts, Multiple Lines and Variables
        - Used println and printf to print outputs
        - Declared and initialized 2 integer variables at once
    - (41) Section Quiz 4
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/11-July-2025/(41)quiz.md
    - (42) Step 23 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Introduction
        - Learned about conditional operators
        - Used IF condition
    - (43) Step 24 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Exercise Statements
        - No Assignment
    - (44) Step 25 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Exercise Solutions
        - Performed various operations using IF condition
    - (45) Step 26 - Java Conditionals and If Statement - Puzzles
        - Used if statement to check condition and then print output if condition is met
    - (46) Step 27 - Java For Loop to Print Multiplication Table - Introduction
        - Used FOR loop to print multiplication table of 5
    - (47) Step 28 - Java For Loop to Print Multiplication Table - Exercise Statements
        - No Assignment
    - (48) Step 29 - Java For Loop to Print Multiplication Table - Exercise Solutions
        - Used FOR loop to print multiplication table of a number
        - Printed squares of numbers from 1 to 10 using FOR loop
        - Printed odd numbers from 1 to 10 in reverse order using FOR loop
        - Printed even numbers from 1 to 10 in reverse order using FOR loop
        - Printed squares of all even numbers from 1 to 10 using FOR loop
    - (49) Step 30 - Java For Loop to Print Multiplication Table - Puzzles
        - FOR loop increament and decreament operator (++ , --)
    - (50) Step 31 - Getting Started with Programming - Revise all Terminology
        - No Assignment
    - (51) Section Quiz 5
        - https://github.com/Alam-Bangi/Learning/blob/main/Daily/July/11-July-2025/(51)quiz.md
    - (52) How to remember things for long time
        - No Assignment
    - (53) Maximizing Learning Efficiency with Playback Speed
         - No Assignment

### Assignment

### Doubts

### Links

- https://www.udemy.com/course/java-programming-tutorial-for-beginners/

## Second Half

- DSA  

### Videos

- COURSE DSA -Chapter 2 ✅
    - 1. Used FOR loop and printed numbers 1 to 10
    - 2a. Used FOR loop to print odd numbers from 1 to 10
    - 2b. Used FOR loop to print remainders of all numbers between 1 to 10 when divided by 2
    - 3a. FOR loop to check if number is prime or not
    - 3b. FOR loop to check if number is prime or not (code corrected)

### Assignment

- Learn Git.

### Doubts

No Doubts

### Links
